Hello Replit AI,

This is a comprehensive brief for my Shop Analytics Desktop App. Please read this entire document carefully to understand the project's current status. I have done extensive debugging on my own, and a previous AI has already fixed the application's core bugs. Your task is to solve the final, blocking issue related to the production build.

Part 1: Current Project Status
A. Application Functionality: COMPLETE
A previous Replit AI session successfully fixed all major bugs in the application's logic. You do not need to work on these features:

✅ FIXED: The Custom Date Range Filter now works correctly.

✅ FIXED: The Data Reset functionality now works correctly.

✅ FIXED: The Data Management page in the settings now loads properly.

B. Build Configuration (package.json): Heavily Debugged but Still Failing in CI/CD
I have spent considerable time debugging the electron-builder process on my local Windows PC. The code in this repository reflects many of those fixes.

Part 2: Summary of Build Errors I Have Already Solved Myself
To save your time and quota, here is a list of the complex build errors I have already diagnosed and fixed without your help. This shows that simple configuration changes have already been tried.

Invalid electronRebuild Property:

Error: Invalid configuration object... unknown property 'electronRebuild'.

My Fix: I removed the invalid electronRebuild property from the build configuration in package.json.

Invalid signing Property:

Error: Invalid configuration object... unknown property 'signing'.

My Fix: I replaced the incorrect signing: false with the correct forceCodeSigning: false in the build.win section of package.json. This is a critical fix.

Missing Production Dependencies:

Error: The built .exe would crash on launch with Error: Cannot find module 'electron-store'.

My Fix: I corrected the build.files array in package.json to properly include "package.json", ensuring electron-builder correctly bundles all necessary production dependencies.

Runtime Crash in Activation Window:

Error: The built .exe would crash with TypeError: Store is not a constructor.

My Fix: I corrected the import statement in electron/activation-window.cjs from require('electron-store') to require('electron-store').default.

Part 3: The Current and Only Blocking Issue
Despite all the fixes, the automated GitHub Actions workflow is still failing. It successfully builds the application, but the final .exe file it produces crashes with the TypeError: Store is not a constructor error.

This proves that my local fix from Part 2, Point 4 has not been correctly applied or pushed to the GitHub repository. The automated builder is still using old, broken code.

Part 4: Your Task - Apply the Final Code Fix and Verify
Your only task is to ensure the critical electron-store import fix is correctly applied in this Replit workspace, so we can push it and trigger a successful build.

Your Goal: Fix the TypeError: Store is not a constructor crash in the final build produced by GitHub Actions.

Implementation Steps:

Navigate to the file: electron/activation-window.cjs.

Verify that the import statement for electron-store is correct. It must be:
const Store = require('electron-store').default;

If the line is incorrect, please fix it.

After you have confirmed the fix is in place, I will push the changes to GitHub. This will trigger the automated build, which should now succeed and produce a working application.